DOCS: explain txid in cdc for single-shard transactions (#49940)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/concepts/cdc.md

All changes in {{ ydb-short-name }} tables are arranged according to the order in which transactions are performed. Each change is marked with a virtual timestamp which consists of two elements:

1. Global [coordinator](../concepts/glossary.md#coordinator) time.
2. Unique [transaction ID](../concepts/glossary.md#txid).

Using these timestamps, you can arrange records from different partitions of the topic relative to each other or use them for filtering (for example, to exclude old change records).

> For [single-shard transactions](../concepts/glossary.md#transactions), the timestamp of an existing distributed transaction in the execution queue can be used, which allows the timestamp to be non-unique. If there are no distributed transactions in the execution queue, the first element of the timestamp will be the time obtained from the coordinator, and the unique transaction ID will take the maximum possible value `18446744073709551615` (2<sup>64</sup>-1, the maximum value of `Uint64`).

Reviewer: Здесь ссылка также имеет лишний сегмент пути, а фиксированное максимальное значение нельзя называть уникальным идентификатором транзакции. Лучше описать его как значение второго элемента метки и заодно убрать необязательный raw HTML.

```suggestion
For [single-shard transactions](glossary.md#transactions), the timestamp of an existing distributed transaction in the execution queue can be used, so virtual timestamps are not guaranteed to be unique. If there are no distributed transactions in the execution queue, the first element of the timestamp is the time obtained from the coordinator, and the second element is set to `18446744073709551615` (`2^64 - 1`, the maximum `Uint64` value).
```

Using these timestamps, you can arrange records from different partitions of the topic relative to each other or use them for filtering (for example, to exclude old change records).

> For single-shard transactions that do not go through the coordinator, the time is assigned from the mediator, and the transaction ID is not assigned and takes the maximum value `18446744073709551615` (2<sup>64</sup>–1, the maximum value of `Uint64`). A real transaction ID is present only for distributed transactions planned through the coordinator.

Reviewer 2: Если выше нет ссылки на термин, то надо дать на https://ydb.tech/docs/en/concepts/glossary#mediator

Author: Добавил ссылки на термины.
